Explain unenforced measurements in config (#445)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/verify-cluster.md

2. Verify the signature of the measurements. This will use Edgeless Systems' [public key](https://edgeless.systems/es.pub).
3. Write measurements into configuration file.

> It's normal that there are more measurements than there are indices in the `enforcedPCRs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's normal that there are more measurements than there are indices in the `enforcedMeasurements`.
```

> After the command succeeded you will see more entries under the `measurements` key than there are indices in the `enforcedMeasurements` key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fter the command succeeded, the configuration file will contain a list of key value pairs in `measurements` and a list of indices in `enforcedMeasurements`.
Not all keys in `measurements` will have a matching index in `enforcedMeasurements`.
```
Not 100% happy with my suggestion, but I think it gets the point across a bit clearer.

This is because only a subset of the available measurements can be verified and reproduced.
These non-reproducible values typically measure parts of the boot process that are controlled by the CSP.
You can find a list with descriptions in the [runtime measurements](../architecture/attestation.md#runtime-measurements) section.

> You can still set non-reproducible measurements in the `enforcedPCRs` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still set non-reproducible measurements in the `measurements` field.
```

Author: I am talking about setting a measurement as enforced here. Changed to `enforcedMeasurements`. Not sure how to understand the suggestion?

> When a new node tries to join the cluster, the [join service](../architecture/components.md#joinservice) will compare each [PCR](../architecture/attestation.md#platform-configuration-register-pcr) individually.
> For mismatching PCRs that are set under the `measurements` key a warning will be emitted.
> For mismatching PCRs that are additionally set under `enforcedMeasurements` an error will be emitted and the new node won't be able to join the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During attestation, the validating side will compare each [measurement](../architecture/attestation.md##runtime-measurement) reported by the issuing side individually.
For mismatching measurements that are set under the `measurements` key a warning will be emitted.
For mismatching measurements that are additionally set under `enforcedMeasurements` an error will be emitted and attestation fails.
```
* PCRs should be referred to as measurements in user facing documentation

* Since this page talks about the `verify` command, I think it would be better to talk about attestation, instead of explaining how this applies to the join-service.
